[Panting]
He's tougher than I thought.
I'd better finish this.
Oof!
[Panting]
Your defeat is certain.
Give me the Chaos Emeralds,
and I will spare your life.
Chaos Control!
[Chuckling]
Oh...
Sonic has only delayed my triumph.
Those Emeralds will be mine.
Alert my forces across the galaxy.
Begin the search for the
Chaos Emeralds at once.
Do not rest until you
bring them all to me.
Remove the Planet Egg.
[Evil laughter]
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
CREAM: How much longer do
we have to wait, Tails?
TAILS: I'm not exactly
sure, Cream. Not too long.
This would be so romantic if Sonic
were here to see it with me.
Soon the whole sky will be
filled with shooting stars.
According to the astronomers,
we only get a meteor shower
this humongous once
every 500 years or so.
We're really lucky to be here.
I sure wouldn't wanna wait that
long to see it again. Would you?
Chao!
We should all make a wish.
Why should we do that?
Chris told us if you make a wish
whenever you see a shooting star,
it'll come true. Remember, Tails?
Yeah.
It's too bad Chris and Chuck
aren't here to see this with us.
I miss them.
I wish we could go back to
their world for a visit.
Hmm.
[All gasp]
It's starting!
They look like fireworks!
I'm sure glad I brought a camera.
That sure is a weird
looking meteor.
If I didn't know better, I'd say
it's heading straight for us.
Aah!
[Loud crash]
Huh! That's no shooting star.
[Moaning]
She needs help.
Your house is the closest
one around here, Cream.
I think we should take her there.
We'll go tell Mother you're coming.
Chao!
I wonder who she is, and
where she came from.
[Snoring]
Mm.
[Sighing peacefully]
Huh?
DR. EGGMAN: It's about time.
Eggman! What happened?
I've been sitting here for
the better part of a week
waiting for you to
wake up and tell me.
[Both panting]
I was out jogging to maintain
my perfect physique
when I spotted something.
Hmm.
You were in pretty
bad shape, Sonic.
You were battered
like a fish stick.
It was a tough decision.
I didn't know whether to save you,
or wait for the tide to come in.
[Evil laugh]
You were in terrible shape, Sonic.
Dr. Eggman saved your life!
If he hadn't, he wouldn't
have anybody to pick on.
So, how'd you end up passed
out on the beach anyway?
I was fighting somebody.
Whoa!
Hey, sorry, but I
can't say any more.
Whoa! Woah!
You're leaving?
See you later, Eggman.
Hey, you owe us, Sonic!
You run fast, but when it
comes to paying your debts,
you sure are a slowpoke!
Yeah!
What a deadbeat! Ugh!
Sonic, you ingrate!
That is the last time we help you!
Yeah! Patients like
you make me sick!
Ah!
[Whimpering]
[Panting]
Ah! Aah!
Cosmo, run away!
[Whimpering]
Look! She's waking up.
Huh?
Careful, dear.
Don't try to get up.
You were in a big crash.
You're really lucky that you
didn't have any serious injuries.
Maybe you could tell us your name
and where you and your
ship came here from.
Huh?
I can't.
You mean you can't remember?
I can, but I can't tell you.
Why?
I'm looking for somebody on this
planet named Sonic the Hedgehog.
It's very important that I speak
with him as soon as possible,
before it's too late.
You can talk to us.
We'll help you if we can.
What's the matter?
I can't tell you.
Well, I have a right to know
what this is all about!
Huh?
Sonic's my boyfriend,
and you'd better not be
trying to move in on him!
Amy, she didn't come
here to date him!
We're friends with Sonic,
so maybe we can help.
Friends?
My name's Miles Prower,
but everybody calls me
by my nickname, Tails.
And I'm Cream. We're
very happy to meet you.
And my name's Amy Rose.
You're not gonna be
here long, are you?
Hmm...
[All gasp]
Ah!
what's that?
It's something big.
[Whimper]
You should stay in bed.
It's another Metarex.
[Snoring]
Huh?
Woah.
[Crashing]
This looks like... trouble.
Preparing area for
Planet Egg removal.
[Explosions]
Woah! If that thing isn't stopped,
it's gonna burn up every
tree in the forest!
Hey, knock it off, you fire bug!
[Grunting]
Woah!
Grr.
Aah!
TAILS: Knuckles!
All right. Maybe we
can stop him together.
This doesn't look good.
Looks like our only choice
is to keep pounding away.
We're going on the
attack. Are you ready?
Yes.
[Panting]
The whole forest's on fire.
This can't be a coincidence.
I have a feeling that girl may
know why this is happening.
I wish there was a way to
convince her to talk to us.
[Gasp]
[Grunting]
Gah!
Our lasers had no effect.
You need to use much
stronger attacks
if you're ever going
to beat a Metarex.
Do you know why it came here?
Or why it's destroying
all the trees?
It's mission is to find the life-force
of this planet and steal it away.
Huh?
It's Sonic!
Chao!
He's back!
[Gasp]
Oh!
Are you okay?
Yes.
So that's Sonic... our final hope.
You're the one who's
going down in flames now!
[Chuckling]
[Munching on food]
Hey, I know.
Maybe if I increase the energy
to the transport circuits...
That's it!
All right!
It's finally time to try this out.
My machine's like the one
Grandpa and Tails built
to send Sonic and the
others back home,
but it doesn't need Chaos Emeralds.
If it works, I'll finally
see Sonic again.
[Glass shatters]
[gasps]
I'm coming.
TAILS: Head's up, sonic!
Thanks, Tails!
[Grunting]
Woah! [Grunting]
Ah!
Ugh! Huh!
Oof! [Grunting]
It's pretty tough.
Yeah, but we can beat him, buddy.
Got a plan?
Double team. Let's go!
Oh!
I thought Sonic would move much
more quickly than he does.
Something's not right.
Sonic's not moving as
fast as he usually does.
Oof.
This is impossible.
No matter how hard
we hit that thing,
it keeps going.
You'll have to use the Chaos
Emeralds to stop this thing.
I'll distract it with
a frontal attack
so you can move in
and finish it off.
I'd like to, but I
don't happen to have
the Chaos Emeralds
with me right now.
Wh-where are they?
Well, I kind of got into
this fight out in space,
and the bad guy was
gonna take 'em from me,
so I sent 'em away.
You finally had all seven
Chaos Emeralds together,
and you threw them away?!
Exactly.
Are you crazy?!
What are we gonna do?!
I guess we're gonna
have to find 'em again.
[Both yelling]
Oh, no!
Ah!
Are you okay?
Look out!
Ah!
Ch-ch-ch-ch-chao!
[Both screaming]
Proceeding with
Planet Egg removal.
Oh no!
[All screaming]
What in the world is that?
He's found the Planet Egg.
What's the Planet Egg?
It's the life source that
sustains your world.
The Planet Egg is what gives your
world the power to support life.
Without it, every living
thing here will soon perish.
Procedure complete.
Lift-off!
Hold it!
Ugh!
I got ya.
[Grunting]
[Both grunting]
I'll stop that thing!
[Gritting teeth]
I can't go any higher,
'cause this plane wasn't
designed to travel into space.
Ahh....
Are you all right, Cosmo?
I'm just a little dizzy.
I'm sorry.
I just wish I got
the Planet Egg back.
Could you... open this
for a moment, please?
Huh?
You can open it while
you're flying, can't you?.
Yeah, but I'm not sure it's a good
idea to do it at this altitude.
Please, Tails.
Okay. If you really want me to.
[Gasping]
There ya go.
Oh!
You didn't put up much of a
fight against that thing, Sonic.
Are you sure you're feeling okay?
You don't seem like your old self.
It's been a long day, so I
guess I'm a little tired.
Huh?
My name is Cosmo.
I've come a long way to see you.
I need to speak with you, Sonic.
Okay.
I have sought you out because
I know you have the power
to control the Chaos Emeralds.
I have come here because you are
the one who can rescue the galaxy.
I am?
What's that?
TAILS: Guys! It's happening!
[Panting]
What's happening?
Dear Mom, and Dad, and everybody,
I'm sorry to leave
without saying goodbye.
I knew if I said anything,
you'd try and stop me from trying
to travel to Sonic's world.
It's very important to me,
so I hope you'll understand.
Don't worry.
I'll be fine.
And, I'll be back.
I'll miss you all.
Mom, and Dad, Grandpa, Danny,
Francis, and Helen...
I love you.
Chris
P.S. I'll tell Sonic and the
others you said "hello."
[All gasping]
Hey, that's Chris!
It worked!
I did it!
I actually did it!
Sonic!
[Groan]
Uh.
Uh?
Uh!!!